Female reporter A: we're here at
the city shopping center where
an unknown individual has
blockaded all the access
points to the top floor.
we understand that.
Litterbot: Trash identified,
trash ident
CRIMINAL: Now you're trash!
Dumb litterbot!
Don't forget to recycle.
Yuma: Hey, watch it up there!
For the last time make good on
my demands or
the hostages are gonna get it!
Criminal I warnin' ya,
I mean business!
The clock's ticking!
and so the stand off continues
It's uncertain if authorities
are planning to meet his
demands of money and a
helicopter - We will see.
Oh man!
Not good!
KARI: Yuma!
You're at the shopping mall
right now, aren't you?
Are you saying I'm goofing off
at the mall instead
of doing my homework?
How dare you!
Tori: You are.
Zip it!
tori's right!
And do you know how I
know she's right?
Cuz I'm watching you
right now live on tv!
Busted.
Now go find out what's going on
so I get a scoop!
People say it's tough
being a reporter.
Well they should try
being a brother.
They help in this investigation.
Quit stalling me or
you'll be sorry!
Who is this guy?
Astral: Look, there.
It is a number.
So this bandit's has
a number card!
I need a closer look!
Comin' through.
Wait!
Kite: Number confirmed.
Time to spread our wings.
Orbital 7: You got it, boss!
Let the hunt begin!
[♪...]
♪ as life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never amount
to nothing ♪
♪ down and down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid to challenge
myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams from dieing ♪
♪ I hi-Five the skys ♪
♪ spread my wings say got this
time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to make it all
the way ♪
♪ take a chance forgetting
yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe...♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave all my
fears Behind ♪
♪ my future is still alive
inside ♪
♪ take a chance to Chase my
doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me through my
darkest Days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to make it all
the way ♪
♪ take a chance forgetting
yesterday ♪
♪ take a breathe my heart will
lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'm taking a chance today ♪
[♪...]
Watch Yer back!
PEOPLE: Hey, look up there!
Looks like a glider
or something'.
whoa, check it out!
Hey!
Time's up - Where's my
helicopt-What?!
did you see that?!
what's going on?
Ow.
What's goin' on?
Everyone's frozen!
No, time is frozen.
But how can that be?!
[whistling]
Hey?
What's happenin' here?
How come nobody's movin'?
so you're behind this, huh?!
such questions are irrelevant,
little punk.
What is relevant
is what I do.
And that's hunt numbers.
So
you're some accountant?
You thick-Headed thug.
Why don't I just demonstrate.
This bozo has no
respect for robots!
Yeah, demonstrate all
over the hot head!
I mean, if you want,
master Kite.
Oh, I want.
Prepare to duel, you low life!
Duel?
You serious?
Oh yes - I'm always serious when
it comes to hunting numbers.
Well then come and get it.
I got one right here!
And I'm sure that you got a few
of your own number cards, Kite.
So whadaya say we
make this interesting
whadaya say you put
one on the line, too!
That's fine
because I won't be losing!
He ain't lying!
Now then, you don't mind if I
change, do you?!
go photon transformation!
There
I'm quite comfortable now.
And you're in quite
a bit of trouble!
Please, I'm beggin' ya,
move outta the way!
Yuma, a number duel is afoot!
A number duel?
No, this duel can't be over
already, please, I beg you.
Show mercy!
I'm afraid that's one skill that
I do not possess.
Go, galaxy-Eyes photon Dragon!
Attack With photon stream of
destruction!
And now, to take my prize!
Success.
The number's mine.
Way to go, sir!
What in the world?
Whoa, what happened to you?
The, number Hunter,
the number Hunter?
What's that?
Number Hunter?
Can it be!
Dear me!
His number was taken?
It's that bird-Guy again!
That time use the door!
Policeman A: Freeze!
Don't move a muscle kid!
Policeman B: Arrest that boy
immediately!
And the plot has just thickened!
POLICEMEN: get him!
don't let him get away!
close all the exits!
Policeman C: you're
under arrest!
watch out for his hair!
Trash contained, trash
contained, trash contained.
Hart: It's starting again!
I'm so sorry!
The energy fills me!
Mr. Heartland: Enter.
Did you retrieve
the number, Kite?
I did.
That's superb news.
And superb news
for heartland city
your dueling skills will
soon bring peace there.
So, how many numbers
is it you have now?
Orbital?
At last count?
11 number cards are in our
possession.
Wonderful!
So many in such a short time!
I knew that I picked the
right man for the job!
What's wrong, Kite?
Now, now.
Don't tell me you're upset about
all the souls that
you've been capturing
as you well know, when we take a
number, there's no way to avoid
taking a bit of that number
keeper's life force, too.
But what's a few
extra gray hairs?!
after all, everyone ages.
We're just speeding
up the process.
And these number keeper's have
it coming, too.
They're a villainous lot and
should be shown no mercy!
Just promise me when all of the
numbers cards are ours
my brother will be okay.
But of course!
As I've told you time and time
again, once all the
numbers are gathered, your
brother will be cured.
I assure you of this!
You must believe me, Kite.
Your brother's well being means
just as much to me
as it does to you!
Okay.
Keep up the good work and happy
number hunting, Kite!
Remember - The quicker
you fetch them!
The sooner we can
cure your brother!
Ah, dr. Faker!
Dr. Faker: Tell me, what is the
latest in our undertaking?
Well, the latest is that
everything is
going just as planned.
And what a fine plan it is.
What is it they say -
one man's trash
is another man's treasure?
Well, it's True and with that
treasure we will do
what we must to
protect our future
just as I protected Kite and his
brother before
Yes.
Quite right, dr. Faker
let the people of astral
world try to stop me.
Let them send an envoy
oh yes, I know he's here.
I knew the very
minute he arrived
but mark my words, his
visit will be short!
I'll send him back to the
pathetic little
planet he calls home
he'll go back as
a broken, beaten soul!
Yes.
Female reporter B: so as you can
see by the footage from today's
earlier incident at
the mall - It seems a
young boy was somehow involved
we have since learned that this
young boy was released but
you were supposed to get me the
scoop not be the scoop!
Tori: I don't understand how
yuma got mixed up in
all of this in the first place.
What happened, yuma?
Oh, I don't know, I guess I was
just in the wrong place
and the right time
Oh.
Yuma.
Are you not going to tell them
about the number Hunter?
No way - My sis hates it when I
get mixed up in dueling drama!
If she finds out I'm in big...
what?
Nothing.
Nothing at all!
Are you mixed up in
some dueling drama?
Of course not, Kari, why would
you ever think that?
I wonder what this all means
GIRL: Really, for me?
Hey, Kite.
Hey Hart, you ready to
check out the fair?
Don't think so.
Come on.
They got games and balloons down
there, you love that stuff
I don't remember liking games or
balloons.
In fact, I don't remember liking
much of anything.
Why can't I remember Kite?
Did something happen?
Is there something
wrong with me?
Hart, you...
Kite
I don't think I
ever liked anything.
Hart
you're wrong about that, and I'm
going to prove it to you.
You promise?
Yeah, I promise...
Yuma...
Yeah, what's up?
What is up is someone other than
you and I are gathering numbers
and that is troubling.
Yeah, I was thinking
the same thing.
You do realize that eventually
This Hunter will
come looking for us.
In fact, it is more
than likely that he is
looking for us as we speak.
We need some sort of plan, yuma.
Hey, I've gotta
plan for us, astral!
Let's not wait for this Hunter
to hunt us down,
let's go hunt them!
Whadaya think?
I think this is a bad idea.
For real, bronk?
Bronk: You bet, it's a
bit outta the way but a
great place for pick up duels!
Sweet!
I duel anyone,
anywhere and anytime!
Wanna join us?
Come on,Tori?!
it'll be fun!
Um, alright, but
you're buyin' lunch!
Aw, man,
bronk was right, that was tons
of dueling fun!
And did you see
how great I played?
I was so on!
Really, do you always lose all
your matches when you're 'on'?
not 'all'!
just some.
Or most.
Or, okay, all of
them but so what?
It's not like anyone's keeping
track - Then again,
I guess you were
yuma.
I sense that danger is near.
Do you feel it as well?
No
but thanks for freaking me out.
What's wrong, yuma?
Uh
I'm sure it's nothing.
Uh oh.
Oh no, my hair!
Let's get outta the rain.
Wait up!
Come on, Tori!
I'm moving as fast as I-
Tori!
Yuma, yuma!
What's the deal?
Tori!
What's going on here?
It's just like the mall,
that whistling
he's here!
Hey - I'm getting's sick a'this?
Why do you keep Freezing
everything?!
things aren't exactly frozen.
Time's simply moving at
1/10,000th of its normal
speed and do you know why?
Because it's a special duel
field I created!
Quite special, only people
with numbers can move
freely in this field.
You see, that's how I
know you have a number.
We should leave this place now.
But I'm not scared of him!
Yuma!
Get out of here!
Run, quick!
Aw, I can take this guy!
Ah!
Whoa.
I'm not going anywhere.
That's right - From here on out,
you're stuck on this field!
We can't separate!
Great.
Yes, it is great because
now you have no choice.
Now, you and I will
duel for numbers!
Well get set to get decked!
You're going down number Hunter!
Good attitude, yuma.
We must be fearless.
Fearless?!
you were the guy who was just
telling me to run away!
That is when I thought you could
run away, yuma.
Thanks for the confidence boost.
Get ready, yuma, this duel we
are about to have
is not just for fun and games.
The stakes have
never been higher.
Hey, I'm at my best under
pressure, so let's
cut the chitchat and duel!
Aw Yeah, now this is
what I'm talking about!
I am feeling the flow!
Oh Yeah?
Well, you're about
to feel the pain!
Whoa!
What's happenin'?
go photon transformation!
Computer VOICE: augmented
reality Vision
link established.
There is no escape
now my little friend
you and your number
will be hunted down.
Both: Now let's duel!
Allow me to go first, won't you?
I draw!
First I activate the spell card
Photon veil from my hand!
With this card, by returning
three Light attribute monsters
from my hand to my deck,
I can then add THREE
light attribute monsters
from my deck
to my hand.
So he gets to pick
the monsters he wants?
Next, I'm gonna activate the
power of the spell card
photon lead which lets me summon
one of the monsters I
just added to my
hand in attack mode!
And the monster I summon
is daybreaker!
But there's more - When this
card is successfully summoned,
I can summon another
one from my hand!
So that's two daybreakers!
And now the second
one's ability activates!
So welcome to the field
daybreaker number three!
Three Monsters just like that?!
oh no
and each one of them
share the same level of 4!
Aw,just great.
I overlay my three
Level 4 daybreakers to
build the overlay network!
I xyz summon, number 10:
Illumiknight!
Oh my.
No way - He brought out a number
on his very first turn!
That's right,
and guess what, I'm still not
done because now
I play illumiknight's ability!
With it, once per turn, I can
use an overlay unit to discard
one card from my hand to draw
one New Card from my deck!
Then lightserpent's special
ability activates!
You see, when lightserpent is
sent to the graveyard from my
hand - It's then
summoned to the field!
Next I'll bring out
the monster plasma ball!
You kiddin' me?
Three monsters again!
This guy really oughta pace
himself out - It's
gonna be a long duel.
I fear,
not at this rate.
I now overlay light
serpent and plasma ball!
And with that I can once again
build the overlay network!
I xyz summon - Number 20!
Giga-Brilliant!
Oh boy.
He summoned two numbers
in just one turn
now
the hunt truly begins.